---
layout: post
title:	"Week 3 - 4"
date:	2024-02-25 12:00:00
categories:
    - blog
tags:
    - WolverineSoft
    - Game Dev
    - QA
    - Programming
---

During this bi-weekly report, I made my first significant contribution to the code base, which was both scary (with the freedom and ownership I was given) and satisfying when I eventually did a good job. I'm starting to truely feel like I'm a part of the WolverineSoft team, and am getting closer with my teammates in Programming and QA, which makes me happy?

These two weeks, I was assigned to rework the dialogue system, written by Samuel before me. A lot of back and forth communication was needed, as we were working on the same files, and sometimes changes got re-verted.

### Week 3 Tasks Completed
- [x] Playtested "Forest" scene again with one volunteer
  - [x] Logged bugs and player confusion/sentiments with timestamps on Youtube in Confluence
  - [x] Manually logged information to the Producer Feedback Tracker to ensure no duplicates
  - [x] Prepared for Industry QA Playtest with Matt (by being extra diligent)
- [x] Programming Task
  - [x] Completed dialogue system activation, which people really liked! Now players have a choice in whether to start dialogue or not. 
    - [x] Done by adding new event listeners, instantiating pop-up indicators, and 


### Week 4 Tasks Completed
- [x] No Playtests for this Week! Leo (QA Lead) told us to take a break for the upcoming spring break, and not work overtime. 
- [x] Dialogue System Rework 
  - [x] Rounding out the changes, created serialized field options to use the new system or the old system
    - [x] This ensures that certain cutscenes are not manually activated, and players won't miss essential cutscenes
    - [x] This is where a lot of back & forth with Samuel came in, as some of my changes were overwritten and I wanted to learn from him 

### Hours Breakdown
- Studio Meetings: 4 hours + 30 minute overtime
- QA Playtests and Logging: 1.5 hours 
- Programming Design Meetings: 30 minutes
- Programming + Debugging: 5 hours