---
layout: post
title:	"Week 5 - 6"
date:	2024-03-08 12:00:00
categories:
    - blog
tags:
    - WolverineSoft
    - Game Dev
    - QA
    - Programming
---

We are now at the end of Sprint 2 after this week, moving into the final polish stuff next week. Any stuff we haven't implemented would probaly be scrapped.

### Week 5 Tasks Completed
- [x] Studio Meeting (2 hours)
- [x] No Playtest for this week 
- [x] Programming Tasks:
  - [x] Working with Samuel to encorperate his re-writing of dialogue controller (this affects dialogue throught the entire GAME)
    - [x] Samuel re-wrote my old script and added new visual element for dialogue display markers, and caught me up to the new changes.
    - [x] New implmenetation created a new bug where certain dialogue is called multiple times during a single button press while already in quest dialogue 
      - [x] Fixed with programming lead Allie and Samuel by adding more state checks with Event Bus.
    - [x] Playtested the game with all the interactions
  - [x] Added new serialized_field for Dialogue Controler option for programmers to easily use eihter on-enter or press-space-to-open behaviour later.


### Week 6 Tasks Completed
- [x] Studio Meeting (2 hours)
- [x] No Playtests assigned for this Week
- [x] Game Dev Portfolio Review with Matt Rader (Serenity Forge)
- [x] Industry Playtest (QA Team) with Will Shen (Something Wicked) 
  - [x] https://somethingwickedgames.com/something-wicked-games-hires-ex-bethesda-design-director-will-shen/
  - [x] Studied techniques used in industry. Feedback noted below which are then logged into Jira:
    - First thing he does is test all the keys [e key, enter key, space bar]
    - Sometimes it's not clear if we are making any progress in battle. 
    - Have to kill the kid to progress the task LOL
    - if you don't know how big the map is, the walk speed might be an issue  
    - music: add sound to footsteps, and opening the book to make world feel more alive
    - Design feedback:
        - Shorten map and run key
        - maps aren't bad, but the destroyed town didn't seem destroyed (cloud a few buildings)
        - town does not have a lot of function (blank NPC)
- [x] Programing Tasks:
  - [x] Fixed village house hitboxes in three scenes (village + revist + return), and added new restrictions to the forest 
  - [x] Removed the tileset collider for Cornfield in (village + revist + return) as the tilemap colliders were not properly mapped out
    - [x] Manually created new Prefab of Cornfield collider across three scenes, as the tilemaps were made too big and contained sprites from the entire game and couldn't be processed. 
  - [x] Fix bug where the dialogue of Fungi combat success dialogue repeats after completing the fight. 

### Hours Breakdown
- Studio Meetings: 4 hours + 30 minute overtime
- Industry Playtests with Will Shen: 2 hours 
- Game Dev Portfolio Review with Matt Rader: 1 hour + 30 minute
- Programming + Debugging: 4 hours